g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\PlaymoWars.dll.config
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\PlaymoWars.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\PlaymoWars.pdb
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\EntityFramework.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\Owin.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\bin\WebGrease.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\obj\Release\PlaymoWars.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\obj\Release\PlaymoWars.dll
g:\users\fchina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlaymoWars\PlaymoWars\obj\Release\PlaymoWars.pdb
